it goes without saying stock markets
have several hundred years of history
and crashes have always been a part of
it they come and go even if the next
financial crash is within the average
decline we should see the market fall by
40 percent at its lowest point that's
the best-case scenario the more money
that gets pumped into stocks now the
harder and faster this will certainly
fall you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you I've made
some unpopular comments in the
introduction so let's get into it right
away well looking back on history you
can see the newspapers here from 1929
1987 and 2008 and we see familiar terms
familiar instances of crashes Wall
Street in panic as stocks crash stocks
plunge 508 points now plunges through
the floor and markets plunge we know the
history we've read into it now looking
at this next chart you could see how
they all plotted this out here looking
historically you could see 22.6%
drop in a single day in 1987 October and
nothing has really come close ever since
and of course now they would never let
that happen the plunge protection team
would obviously not that let let that
happen they don't even let it happen
intraday and of course the markets would
shut how long before that but look how
many times we see October coming here
and this is a one-day drop this is not
the biggest drops in total over a period
of time look at this all of these that
I'm highlighting are October and they're
on the top of the list so we do find
historically that there are
major crashes that occur in October that
doesn't mean it's going to happen what I
also want to note here is that we have
the financial crisis 2008 that also
comes up here significant number of
times and this is after we have been
told that the markets are more steady
now the more stable now the Federal
Reserve is able to control everything
properly we were told all this but it
happened during the financial crisis the
markets were about to be completely
destroyed they were about to be
eviscerated and yet they reacted in this
way
all right let's switch gears let's go
over to Europe the Euro jump on
investors go and nuts all right
junk bonds okay think about what that
means a bond is already garbage I wrote
about this in two of my books and if you
can tell me that there is no risk
essentially that's what you're getting
you're getting no return on these
garbage debt instruments what a joke
because of course during the financial
crisis we have a period of time when
there's turmoil we have all of this
chaos we don't know what's going to
happen and you could see that all of the
debt instruments would yield more it
would give you more money for that risk
look at Greece for example if you were
willing to take on the Greece that you
were going to be able to make a lot of
money but you don't know what's going to
happen because they keep defaulting they
keep basically saying we can't pay our
debtors
so let's just wipe it off the book
well not gonna get very far like that
this is garbage
okay garbage garbage that is garbage do
not get involved in it in any way that's
the best way to remain safe all right
soft economic data surprise Index moving
upward here hard economic data surprise
index all right record high reality gap
okay
the hard data and the soft data do not
match up and this has been a big problem
here ever since basically end of the
year 2016 it's just been getting worse
the hard data showing things are looking
worse I've seen these real fake
statistics suggesting that everything's
okay look at the GDP all right was it
three percent memory serves correctly
three percent growth right no Obama care
expenditures continued to rise and that
has been one of the most the major
contributing factor to why the GDP has
risen nobody's talking about that but
the premiums continue to rise
continuously no matter where you are
I've covered that here on the channel
nobody's talking about that why it's a
fact it's a fact and we're not allowed
to talk about it not an alternative news
don't touch that don't touch that
information very strange okay
I'm not going to get too much into this
article essentially what we're looking
at here is the fact that ATM fees are
out of control
looking at how bad
this has become Pittsburgh paying $5 in
nineteen cents for an ATM fee the lowest
average fees were in Dallas $4 yeah I
mean that's crazy
the average overdraft fee is $33 and
they're trying to make excuses for it
they basically say that look there's
less ATMs out there so to maintain this
network we need to charge customers more
I can understand that accept the fact
that it's not true why it's being done
because they make an infinite amount of
money all of these banking institutions
they increase fees to take from you it's
a negative interest rate is essentially
what it is you give up all of your money
all your savings you get paid money goes
into the bank and what do they do with
it they squander it and then it gets
worse they create a fractional reserve
banking
they created derivatives on top of that
and they used your debt that they
created out of thin air think about this
for a second you bank with you bank with
country bank all right
and quantity bank is there to be of
service to you so they will hold your
money your hard-earned savings in our
vault right all right so you deposit it
with us thank you very much I'll take
that and as a result I'm gonna give you
nothing in return
okay no problem you're gonna keep your
money with me I'll keep it safe I'll
take that money and I will loan it out
to someone else so I loaned to you or
let's say person number two at interest
so I'm making good money off that
it's not even mine Lee and then
I have your mortgage that piece of paper
what do I do I take that mortgage and I
sell it off to another institution I
make money again I didn't have any money
in the first place because you have to
remember this that money is created into
existence the moment you take out a loan
the bank didn't have that loan the bank
did have that money but it created the
loan to you and that money comes up out
of nowhere and yet they can continue to
scheme every single day every single day
it's a fraud and people don't realize it
they deposit their paycheck
in their banks because that's what
everyone else is doing what else am I
supposed to do
sure do whatever the heck you want this
was an article that was brought to me by
a subscriber Canada sells off most of
its gold reserves I don't even know if I
cover this back in 2016 but I just felt
it was necessary we just did that video
yesterday about gold a lot of people
were interested in it I thought this was
important if you hadn't seen it for
yourself
the Canadian government doesn't care
about gold the Canadian government
doesn't even worry about their own
central bank the Canadian government
gets bailouts from the Federal Reserve
right 19 million dollars they had that's
it
19 million I'm sure there are many
wealthy people around that owned more
than 19 million dollars of gold more
than the entire country it's it's
interesting because it seems like
certain countries are building up their
gold reserves mostly in the developed
world and then you see a country like
Canada
that's just selling off their gold who
knows what is Canada in the right or is
the developed nations in the right
I don't know time will be the judge of
that that's for sure
Qatar fund is said to weigh asset sales
as it looks
homeward one of the world's biggest
buyers of trophy assets is becoming a
seller and that scares the hell out of
the markets okay Qatar sovereign wealth
fund is reversing a decade-long run in
high-profile foreign investments to
buttress its own economy so perhaps
they're doing it with their own
interests in mind it's not necessarily a
nefarious act but the truth remains that
they're doing this so I'm going to look
more into Qatar because I think it's
important with the recent escalations
that have taken place let's not say too
much so stay tuned for more that's all
I'll say
and last but not least love to cover
what's happening with robots in the
future of fast food bites in the Big
Apple robots will replace humans and
cats won't be accepted at soon to open
Shake Shack in the East Village so
you're going to have to place your order
via an app at a touchscreen kiosk which
is scheduled to open later this month so
you're going to be dealing with machines
get used to it I mean we already do on a
daily basis but I definitely see that
there has been an incredible uptick it's
it was sort of climbing and climbing and
then it just went parabolic
maybe it's good maybe it's bad I don't
know you could tell me your opinion but
it is worrisome so
that's all for this video if you found
it informative and please give me a
thumbs up when you give me a thumbs up
it pushes these higher pushes these
videos higher up into the youtube search
ranking so I do appreciate that
and last but not least if you found this
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my newer
release global economic collapse even
more informative take a look at the
links in the description below
take care